---
layout: layouts/post.njk
title: Republic Act № 0002
description: This act states the criteria that Solemania would give for citizenship application processes, and the standards for citizenship.
date: 2023-01-15
---

## Preamble 
<p>
<b>WE</b>, the members of the Temporary Junta whom rule Solemania, which represents the underdeveloped population in these islands,

<b>RECOGNIZING</b> the need for a standardized citizenship application processes for Solemania, and standards for citizenship.

<b>THE TEMPORARY JUNTA OFFICIALLY DECLARES THE REPUBLIC ACT NO. 0002 TO BE VALID, UNDER THE APPROVAL OF ETERNAL DICTATOR ALPHA.</b>
</p>

## Chapter 1: General Provisions

### Article 1: Name
<ol class="numeral">
    <li>The official name of Republic Act No. 0002 may be cited as the Revised Citizenship Act of 2023.</li>
</ol>

### Article 2: Objectives
<ol class="numeral">
    <li>The Temporary Junta, declares that the objectives of this act are to strengthen the Solemania Department of Citizenship, under the Ministry of the Interior so as-
        <ol class="alpha list-inside">
            <li>to standardize how people can apply to get Solemani citizenship; and</li>
            <li>to ensure Solemani citizens are active in Solemani.</li>
        </ol>
    </li>
</ol>

### Article 3: Qualifications For Citizenship
<ol class="numeral">
    <li>Subject to Article 4, any persons with the following qualifications may become a citizen of Solemania if-
        <ol class="alpha list-inside">
            <li>the person is not less than 10 years of age on the day they apply for citizenship;</li>
            <li>the person is able to speak and write English or Solemanium; and</li>
            <li>the person has good moral values and character, and believes in the underlying principles of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Solemania.</li>
        </ol>
    </li>
</ol>

### Article 4: Disqualifications For Citizenship
<ol class="alpha">
    <li>Persons who are affiliated with organizations or will engage in terrorism to bring down Solemania.</li>
    <li>Citizens or subjects of nations whom Solemania is at war with, and actively show their approval with the enemy side (e.g. supporting military organizations, activism against Solemania that is war related, etc.).</li>
    <li>Citizens of a foreign nation whose laws are to prohibit Solemani citizens the rights to become registered citizens.</li>
    <li>Citizens whom have committed crimes on their country that are also illegal in Solemania.</li>
</ol>

### Article 5: Special Qualifications For Citizenship
<ol class="numeral">
    <li>Also subject to Article 4, any persons with the following qualifications may have an increased chance for getting citizenship if-
        <ol class="alpha">
            <li>they have special approval by the Temporary Junta and/or the Parliament of Solemania;</li>
            <li>is an active and prominent writer of laws and/or the constitution in Solemania; or</li>
            <li>having established a new industry or introduces a useful invention in Solemania.</li>
        </ol>
    </li>
</ol>

### Article 6: Kick Periods
<ol class="numeral">
    <li>On every first day of the month, kick periods are held.</li>
    <li>Kick periods will purge members that are-
        <ol class="alpha">
            <li>un-admitted citizens for more than 1 month; and</li>
            <li>inactive for more than 4 months in Solemania.</li>
        </ol>
    </li>
    <li>Former citizens are able to re-apply for citizenship.</li> 
</ol>

<p class="p-15">
<div style="text-align:right;">
Signed,<br>
Eternal Dictator Alpha<br>
Prime Minister ItzCountryballs
</div>
</p>